README.md, before:


| CS-665       | Software Design & Patterns |
|--------------|----------------------------|
| Name         | FIRST_NAME LAST_NAME       |
| Date         | MM/DD/YYYY                 |
| Course       | Fall / Spring / Summer     |
| Assignment # |                            |

# Assignment Overview
Please add a paragraph or two overviewing the objectives of the assignment.

# GitHub Repository Link:
https://github.com/{YOUR_USERNAME}/cs-665-assignment-{ASSIGNMENT_NUMBER}

# Implementation Description 


For each assignment, please answer the following:

- Explain the level of flexibility in your implementation, including how new object types can
be easily added or removed in the future.
- Discuss the simplicity and understandability of your implementation, ensuring that it is
easy for others to read and maintain.
- Describe how you have avoided duplicated code and why it is important.
- If applicable, mention any design patterns you have used and explain why they were
chosen.


# Maven Commands

We'll use Apache Maven to compile and run this project. You'll need to install Apache Maven (https://maven.apache.org/) on your system. 

Apache Maven is a build automation tool and a project management tool for Java-based projects. Maven provides a standardized way to build, package, and deploy Java applications.

Maven uses a Project Object Model (POM) file to manage the build process and its dependencies. The POM file contains information about the project, such as its dependencies, the build configuration, and the plugins used for building and packaging the project.

Maven provides a centralized repository for storing and accessing dependencies, which makes it easier to manage the dependencies of a project. It also provides a standardized way to build and deploy projects, which helps to ensure that builds are consistent and repeatable.

Maven also integrates with other development tools, such as IDEs and continuous integration systems, making it easier to use as part of a development workflow.

Maven provides a large number of plugins for various tasks, such as compiling code, running tests, generating reports, and creating JAR files. This makes it a versatile tool that can be used for many different types of Java projects.

## Compile
Type on the command line: 

```bash
mvn clean compile
```



## JUnit Tests
JUnit is a popular testing framework for Java. JUnit tests are automated tests that are written to verify that the behavior of a piece of code is as expected.

In JUnit, tests are written as methods within a test class. Each test method tests a specific aspect of the code and is annotated with the @Test annotation. JUnit provides a range of assertions that can be used to verify the behavior of the code being tested.

JUnit tests are executed automatically and the results of the tests are reported. This allows developers to quickly and easily check if their code is working as expected, and make any necessary changes to fix any issues that are found.

The use of JUnit tests is an important part of Test-Driven Development (TDD), where tests are written before the code they are testing is written. This helps to ensure that the code is written in a way that is easily testable and that all required functionality is covered by tests.

JUnit tests can be run as part of a continuous integration pipeline, where tests are automatically run every time changes are made to the code. This helps to catch any issues as soon as they are introduced, reducing the need for manual testing and making it easier to ensure that the code is always in a releasable state.

To run, use the following command:
```bash
mvn clean test
```


## Spotbugs 

SpotBugs is a static code analysis tool for Java that detects potential bugs in your code. It is an open-source tool that can be used as a standalone application or integrated into development tools such as Eclipse, IntelliJ, and Gradle.

SpotBugs performs an analysis of the bytecode generated from your Java source code and reports on any potential problems or issues that it finds. This includes things like null pointer exceptions, resource leaks, misused collections, and other common bugs.

The tool uses data flow analysis to examine the behavior of the code and detect issues that might not be immediately obvious from just reading the source code. SpotBugs is able to identify a wide range of issues and can be customized to meet the needs of your specific project.

Using SpotBugs can help to improve the quality and reliability of your code by catching potential bugs early in the development process. This can save time and effort in the long run by reducing the need for debugging and fixing issues later in the development cycle. SpotBugs can also help to ensure that your code is secure by identifying potential security vulnerabilities.

Use the following command:

```bash
mvn spotbugs:gui 
```

For more info see 
https://spotbugs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/maven.html

SpotBugs https://spotbugs.github.io/ is the spiritual successor of FindBugs.


## Checkstyle 

Checkstyle is a development tool for checking Java source code against a set of coding standards. It is an open-source tool that can be integrated into various integrated development environments (IDEs), such as Eclipse and IntelliJ, as well as build tools like Maven and Gradle.

Checkstyle performs static code analysis, which means it examines the source code without executing it, and reports on any issues or violations of the coding standards defined in its configuration. This includes issues like code style, code indentation, naming conventions, code structure, and many others.

By using Checkstyle, developers can ensure that their code adheres to a consistent style and follows best practices, making it easier for other developers to read and maintain. It can also help to identify potential issues before the code is actually run, reducing the risk of runtime errors or unexpected behavior.

Checkstyle is highly configurable and can be customized to fit the needs of your team or organization. It supports a wide range of coding standards and can be integrated with other tools, such as code coverage and automated testing tools, to create a comprehensive and automated software development process.

The following command will generate a report in HTML format that you can open in a web browser. 

```bash
mvn checkstyle:checkstyle
```

The HTML page will be found at the following location:
`target/site/checkstyle.html`

Commit message:

read me and junit test

README.md, after:


| CS-665       | Software Design & Patterns |
|--------------|----------------------------|
| Name         | Xiao Xiao       |
| Date         | 03/15/2023                 |
| Course       | Spring                     |
| Assignment # |                            |

# Assignment Overview
I used Factory Pattery to design a automatically email generator which will generate personalized emails for different types of customers. I have created seperate classes for each customer type and customer interface. The interface required methoes for getting the name, email and segments of the customers. Then the emailFactory class will responsible for generating unique email text for each customer type. Main class is used to demonstrate the functionality of the application. And I use the emailFactoryTest class to test the functionality in emailFactory.
# GitHub Repository Link:
https://github.com/Xiao0909/cs-665-assignment-Assignment3

# Implementation Description 


For each assignment, please answer the following:

- Explain the level of flexibility in your implementation, including how new object types can
be easily added or removed in the future.

Answer: This application is designed with a flexible architecture. Users are allowed to easily add new customer type(segments) by implementing the interface. Or the old customer type can be removed by deleting the corresponding classes and updating the emailFactorty class. This will minimize the impact on existing code and make it easy to maitin or modify the application as the business requirement chanced.

- Discuss the simplicity and understandability of your implementation, ensuring that it is
easy for others to read and maintain.

Answer: The implementation in the "Email Generator" is designed to be easy to understand. The rule of naming objects, methods and each class is clear and understandable. People who is reading the code is tend to understand what the class, object or method for once they saw te name. Also, the use of the factory design pattern will help to separate concerns and make the code more maintainable.

- Describe how you have avoided duplicated code and why it is important.

Answer: I used the interface to define ommon behavior of all customer types and then created sperate classes to implement that interface for each customer type(segments). I also use the factory pattern to centralize the email generator logic. This allowes me to reduce the code duplication and increases the mainainability.
Avoid duplicated code could alos avoid increasing code complexity, longer time on developing the code and  increasing budget. Avoid duplication can increase the quality of the code and reduce the risk of the appearance of the bugs.

- If applicable, mention any design patterns you have used and explain why they were
chosen.

Answer: I used the factory design pattern. This will allow developers add or remove the users easilty in the future and reduces the coupling between the client code and email creation logic. Factory design pattern will help improve the code more maintainable, scalable and flexible.

# Maven Commands

We'll use Apache Maven to compile and run this project. You'll need to install Apache Maven (https://maven.apache.org/) on your system. 

Apache Maven is a build automation tool and a project management tool for Java-based projects. Maven provides a standardized way to build, package, and deploy Java applications.

Maven uses a Project Object Model (POM) file to manage the build process and its dependencies. The POM file contains information about the project, such as its dependencies, the build configuration, and the plugins used for building and packaging the project.

Maven provides a centralized repository for storing and accessing dependencies, which makes it easier to manage the dependencies of a project. It also provides a standardized way to build and deploy projects, which helps to ensure that builds are consistent and repeatable.

Maven also integrates with other development tools, such as IDEs and continuous integration systems, making it easier to use as part of a development workflow.

Maven provides a large number of plugins for various tasks, such as compiling code, running tests, generating reports, and creating JAR files. This makes it a versatile tool that can be used for many different types of Java projects.

## Compile
Type on the command line: 

```bash
mvn clean compile
```



## JUnit Tests
JUnit is a popular testing framework for Java. JUnit tests are automated tests that are written to verify that the behavior of a piece of code is as expected.

In JUnit, tests are written as methods within a test class. Each test method tests a specific aspect of the code and is annotated with the @Test annotation. JUnit provides a range of assertions that can be used to verify the behavior of the code being tested.

JUnit tests are executed automatically and the results of the tests are reported. This allows developers to quickly and easily check if their code is working as expected, and make any necessary changes to fix any issues that are found.

The use of JUnit tests is an important part of Test-Driven Development (TDD), where tests are written before the code they are testing is written. This helps to ensure that the code is written in a way that is easily testable and that all required functionality is covered by tests.

JUnit tests can be run as part of a continuous integration pipeline, where tests are automatically run every time changes are made to the code. This helps to catch any issues as soon as they are introduced, reducing the need for manual testing and making it easier to ensure that the code is always in a releasable state.

To run, use the following command:
```bash
mvn clean test
```


## Spotbugs 

SpotBugs is a static code analysis tool for Java that detects potential bugs in your code. It is an open-source tool that can be used as a standalone application or integrated into development tools such as Eclipse, IntelliJ, and Gradle.

SpotBugs performs an analysis of the bytecode generated from your Java source code and reports on any potential problems or issues that it finds. This includes things like null pointer exceptions, resource leaks, misused collections, and other common bugs.

The tool uses data flow analysis to examine the behavior of the code and detect issues that might not be immediately obvious from just reading the source code. SpotBugs is able to identify a wide range of issues and can be customized to meet the needs of your specific project.

Using SpotBugs can help to improve the quality and reliability of your code by catching potential bugs early in the development process. This can save time and effort in the long run by reducing the need for debugging and fixing issues later in the development cycle. SpotBugs can also help to ensure that your code is secure by identifying potential security vulnerabilities.

Use the following command:

```bash
mvn spotbugs:gui 
```

For more info see 
https://spotbugs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/maven.html

SpotBugs https://spotbugs.github.io/ is the spiritual successor of FindBugs.


## Checkstyle 

Checkstyle is a development tool for checking Java source code against a set of coding standards. It is an open-source tool that can be integrated into various integrated development environments (IDEs), such as Eclipse and IntelliJ, as well as build tools like Maven and Gradle.

Checkstyle performs static code analysis, which means it examines the source code without executing it, and reports on any issues or violations of the coding standards defined in its configuration. This includes issues like code style, code indentation, naming conventions, code structure, and many others.

By using Checkstyle, developers can ensure that their code adheres to a consistent style and follows best practices, making it easier for other developers to read and maintain. It can also help to identify potential issues before the code is actually run, reducing the risk of runtime errors or unexpected behavior.

Checkstyle is highly configurable and can be customized to fit the needs of your team or organization. It supports a wide range of coding standards and can be integrated with other tools, such as code coverage and automated testing tools, to create a comprehensive and automated software development process.

The following command will generate a report in HTML format that you can open in a web browser. 

```bash
mvn checkstyle:checkstyle
```

The HTML page will be found at the following location:
`target/site/checkstyle.html`
